Add a description of Altinity services (#10812)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/commercial/support.md

## Altinity {#altinity}

> Altinity was the first company to offer enterprise ClickHouse support and services. Since 2017 we have helped customers from Fortune 100 enterprises to startups use ClickHouse successfully. Our offerings include:
> * ClickHouse 24x7 Support -- Fast, expert assistance on problems in deployed systems.
> * ClickHouse Feature Engineering -- Altinity is a major contributor to ClickHouse server and ecosystem projects.  We can implement any feature required by enterprises.
> * ClickHouse PoC and Training -- Experienced guidance to design optimal solutions and grow your in-house expertise.
> 
> You can meet us online or through our many ClickHouse events in EU and North America. 
> 
> Visit [www.altinity.com](https://www.altinity.com/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Altinity offers enterprise ClickHouse support since 2017. Their customers range from Fortune 100 enterprises to startups. Visit [Altinity support service description](https://www.altinity.com/24x7-support) for more information.
```
